# Lilly Technical Challenge Documentation

## Approach
My first steps were to understand both the system as it was and the objectives I was to complete. After looking through the objectives I decided to put them in what I thought would be the priority order with the functionality first and design later, which happened to be the order the objectives are listed in. After going through the files and objectives I pulled up a couple resources that I have found useful before as well as a youtube tutorial on how to set up Python on VScode. Then after I had set everything up I tested the api endpoints with FastAPI docs, this gave me a much better understanding on what the api's were doing. When I finally started on the objectives it did take me a little bit of time to work out how to navigate the enviorment and python, but with some research I was able to get started fully.  

## Objectives - Innovative Solutions
Prior to this challenge I had no experience with Python but I did with another server-side language, so I used my knowledge from those projects with PHP. In a previous project I had wanted to dynamically update a form with data stored after an input changed and to do this I used AJAX. Since the objective was similar to that I implemented AJAX here as well referencing my previous project. 

## Problems Faced
I did not have Python installed before this so used a youtube video on how to set Python up in VS code to make sure I did not do anything wrong. As this was my first time with Python and its virtual enviorment I did at first have some trouble navigating the web server. I found my way to fastapi/docs where I spent some time testing the api endpoints using the visual examples to better understand what they did. 

I did not know how to get the index file to the browser, having tried the file path in the URL, so I could work on displaying the medicines and creating user friendly forms to used to interact with the api's objectives. After a little research with stackoverflow I again used fastapi documentation where I found responses specifically File and HTML reposnse, first I implemented the HTMLresponse and made the index page the root file. Though this did work and I could navigate to the page easily I was unable to access the js and css files for the html. I realsied that while I had a way to navigate to the index page I still needed a way for the browser to get the js and css files through the browser. I searched for examples on similiar situations on stackoverflow and found static files, I also found this in the fastapi documentation which I used to serve the files as static. Since I had served the frontend folder as static I changed HTMLReponse to FileResponse since it would be a lot more efficient. As a result the js I had written for when the index loaded worked and displayed the list of medicines with the css I had written as well. 

## Evaluation
I was a little overwhelmed at the beginning with needing to install Python and setting up the vitual enviorment but also determined to complete the objectives to a good standard. I did run out of time but was able to complete most of the objectives, though I know that if I had more time I would have spent it on cleaning up my code a bit as there is a bit of repetition that can be removed. However with the small amount of time given I focused more on completing the challenge over how tidy my code was. If I was to do this again I would take a step back not focus on what I don’t know or understand, Python, and focus on what I do, JavaScript. If I had done this I would have been a lot less overwhelmed with the new technology stack by realising how straightforward the objectives were from a JavaScript perspective. 
